# An Analysis Of Convolutional Neural Networks For Imageusing CIFAR dataset
This repository is related to a paper which is named [An Analysis Of Convolutional Neural Networks For Image Classification](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050918309335).
An empirical examination of the performance of popular convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for detecting objects in real-time video streams is presented in this research. Alex Nets, GoogLeNet, and ResNet50 are the most popular convolution neural networks for object identification and categorization from pictures. A wide range of picture data sets are available for testing the performance of various types of CNNs. An ImageNet dataset, as well as CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and MNIST image data sets, are regularly used benchmark datasets for measuring the performance of a convolutional neural network. This research looks at the performance of three prominent networks: Alex Net, GoogLeNet, and ResNet50. We chose three common data sets for our study: ImageNet, CIFAR10, and CIFAR100, because assessing a network's performance on a single data set does not disclose its actual capabilities and limits. It should be mentioned that videos are utilized as testing datasets rather than training datasets. According to our findings, GoogLeNet and ResNet50 can recognize objects with more precision than Alex Net. Furthermore, the performance of trained CNNs varies significantly across various categories of objects, and we will analyze the probable causes for this.
